ref(sentry apps): Reorganize UI components info (#4994)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/integrations/integration-platform/webhooks.mdx

### External Issues

> See the [full documentation on Creating/Linking Issues](/product/integrations/integration-platform/ui-components/issue-link).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out the [full documentation on Creating/Linking Issues](/product/integrations/integration-platform/ui-components/issue-link).
```

### Select Options

> See the [full documentation on Select Options](/product/integrations/integration-platform/ui-components/formfield/#select).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out the [full documentation on Select Options](/product/integrations/integration-platform/ui-components/formfield/#select).
```
